---
title: "on social anxiety."
date: 2023-08-25T20:25:14+08:00
draft: false
tags: [mental health, psychology]
author: 'Anugerah'
---

In a world where people are exposed and becoming aware about mental health and its problems, has it ever been a good time talking about our mental health problems now than ever? Mental health is a very hard pill to swallow. I have to argue that with the amount of exposure to these topic, people would be a little be concerened and skeptic. Why is that? Because it has become too oversaturated. When you're trying to talk or post something about mental health problems that you have, you will need to reconsider and or even hold yourself back, because there are going to be judgements coming your way. I think the latter cannot be more true than doing it in a mainstream place or platform (Instagram, Facebook, etc). That's where most of the skepticism came from, all the "fake" psychological disorder or bla bla bla. So, to talk about your mental health and condition you need to have your own page in which you are going to be less likely to be found (only if you promote your page). If you're writing doesn't have anyone reading it so then what's the point? Well, it could be a place for your digital journal. Journaling helps alot, because it will keep track of what you were thinking, storing it, and then evaluating upon it. I want to talk about it, and I even hesitate to do it, but this is my page and I can rest assured that I will be safe.

There are many stages in life, yours or mine, that just had to change abruptly and without any warning at all, albeit for the best or vice versa. It is about people, and how my perspective have changed. Approaching people was fun back then in the hay-day, especially in high-school, and that is when I got to meet my two friends. Friend... A true definition of it, only two of them exist (you know who you are). I am not here talking about friend or friendship, that'll be for another topic, I am here to talk about social anxiety. Lately, when I started college, I've experienced a great deal of social anxiety. I just can't be in a place full of people, whether I knew them or not, and I can't be in a place full of voices. When those things happened, I will get this sense of dizzines and dread in my heart. The feeling of having an anxiety is like having the worst trip in your life ever, period. You cannot do anything there, you are in a place full of people and yet, you're still feeling isolated and lonely. Surely, you've known these people around you, but why are you feeling dread and panic all of the sudden? I've seen some of the answer from the internet, something like low self-esteem and why not, and I'm not the one to disagree. Lately, it's very hard for me to maintain eye contact with other people, expect for the person that is the closest to me. So then, it must be about trust right? I guess that's it in my case... I just need people to know who I truly am, and me to know who they truly are. With all of that, I could lay back and put all of my trust to these people.

I am skeptic, always been a skeptic. I cannot trust people just like that, because there were cases in which people are trying to take advantage of me, they weren't genuine. I won't be doing much of self-diagnosing, because I'm afraid I will be going to far into delusions and or perceptions about myself.

**this is a very short writing, this is a journal for the self.**