---
title: "This is My Book."
date: 2023-09-03T11:30:04+08:00
draft: true
tags: [story, fiction]
author: 'Anugerah'
---

***For what purpose are you reading this? And for what purpose am I writing this? What is this book about?***

Those are questions that you might yield at first, when you're reading a book, especially this one.
Well, I tell you something factual: This is my book. I wouldn't want to have it in any other way.

First or second chapter, it wouldn't be of a matter to you I supposed. You are an intelligent human-being. So, please pardon the errors in this writing of mine. Should I describe myself? Who am I? I am a fictional character. Any mistake of taking me as the real author will be excused. I am a human male, age, name, doesn't matter, it's all up to you on how I looked and sounds... I guess now you've noticed some kind of a pattern in this book, and I hope you understand your role in reading my book: Audience.

Prior to this, I've written many books - fiction and non-fiction. The latter being articles for a media outlet. I've decided, by the rules of nature, to become a Freelance writer. I've always kept something in mind about my position: There's no other way to feel like a philosopher than being a bum than can actually writes, and got paid. In the account of being a bum, I would like to address one thing about me, I don't like to be organized. The world is chaos, an organized chaos. Some kind of paradox I called it. Needing another chaos to organized a chaos - it's a disastrous cycle! One day the fate of humanity will be at brink, and there's no room for other chaos to merge. I mean, I am not religious but, Jesus Christ! There's just no way that we've come this far. How did we ended up having to live by demands? You've got to be crazy, and it has got to be some kind of a demented, socially, and morally accepted kink!

***This is my book. I don't care if I am being politically incorrect and spontaneously labelled as a left-wing. You can close my book.***

Have I left a bad first impression on your taste bud? Good. For those who crave for more? Good. Keep that taste to linger throughout the writing. Welcome to the what could've been, ladies and gentleman. After you're done reading this book, you will not expect to find me in other books and writings. How much did you pay for this book? One thing for sure: This far, you'll only get your 1 cent back... I don't know, it might've dropped in value after you picked this up in the cleareance section. For that, I am sorry; you're not getting anything back.

As far as I am concerned, those city light pollutes my eyes in the middle of the night: another reason as to why you should invest in the curtain industry. Point and case about my chaos theory. It just that sometimes, you don't know what to write, and It'll become the untimely death for you. Let's see, what comes to the mind when talking about a person, especially yourself? Something opinionated... I'll start with a formal start: The city light pollutes my eyes every night. The apartement in which I lived in, filled with tenants of the many of racial backgrounds, and rats, ocassionaly appearing on the piping system on the wall outside of our room. The floor in which I lived in is at the very top, it's a little bit worn out, I reckon this floor was a storage room, and one have to question as to why they put them at the very top. That's very inconvenience. Every wall was lazly painted white in this floor, and the doors too. I drink and smoke. Coffee and cigarettes. I am a step closer to be an eponymous - *Charles Bukowskiesque*, if there was ever one to begin with. I wouldn't want to re-write the same story as his. *Factotum* was nothing sort of an alright work. The difference between him and I is that I am not soaked in beer.

I bring myself - body, face, and soul toward the mirror. I see someone in the mirror, of course it was me, but I am concious of something or someone else everytime. Stare for too long, and I started to see different places. So I've decided that looking into a mirror early in the morning wasn't the brightest idea. Are you confused? I am writing about a day in my life. Washed my face, and cock, then I got out to buy myself a pack of cigar and a cup of the blackest and muddiest coffee. All I got was a beige colored coat that was commonly used by a sick and twisted street flasher. "Morning Mr.", said a black lady who lived next door as I tried to lock my apartment door; she was halfway down the stair, but I could still see her big afro. "Morning Mrs. Gloria. I am about to get a cup of coffee", I responded, "My, I was about to get one too! Shall we go together?", she said, as I saw her afro wiggles.

I have no interest in love, whatever age or gender, and I don't hate it either. You see, life goes on when you least expect it. The less you expect something, the more you'll get in life. I savor unkowingly, unconciously, and with a habit that I've got. Waking up and getting a cup of coffee outside is just another habit for me, there's no deep philosophical question about it. Do you think philosophical discussion should be done conciously? Whatever happened when you imposed a philosopical discussion? Well, you'll get the "*Higher Education*". Whoever created the term is the biggest dimwit ever. The thought of naming something higher education just because it existed after you've gone through previous stages of formal education is so dimwitted. For once, it might've been the deepest rock bottom that you'll ever hit. Said who? Said myself. I'll say, my times in the university was nothing but a waste, it was a bunch of places for people who agrees on the word "*Higher Education*". You will have to be smart, you can't be stupid, you can't be below the number, and you can't position yourself with people. That's the idea right? Having a place for people with talent. It's too fucking vague, what talent? Academic talent? So it was not a place for all? Isn't education for all? And then they want you to engage in a discussion, without even initially engaging it. What's the reason of writing all of that sentences? Simply to say to you: You've wasted your money for something that you could get for free. There's so many people, everywhere, on the street, by the river, and through the dark alleys. What they does and what they discussed, is so much more interesting and realistic than what the dimwits at the universty got.

I've gone through many classes and finished my days. I want my cup of coffee. Life goes on a lot, and Mrs. Gloria knew all about it I assumed. Mrs. Gloria has got a body that was made for the purpose, and she worked it all night, midnight, to be precise. She had a warm smile, without needing a wax of lipstick across her lips - she'd excelled every woman's first world problem. We clothed ourselves individually with coats, hers was red - mine beige. As we walked along the cracked and wet pavement, we let the day wake us up by slapping tiny frost bites of the morning on our faces. Dried our hair with the sunlight. And then arriving at the coffee shop. Sharif was the name of the guy who ran the coffee shop. He had built this 3x3 and 5ft tall bodega that sells everything - magazine, newspaper, sandwiches, and every sizes of condom that almost expire. We arrived when he was just about to open his bodega, "Howdy, Sharif" as we mockingly greet, because his name sounded like *Sherrif*. "I won't hesitate to put this *.38 Special* up your ass partner!" he responded. He's an Afghan, a little bit smaller than me, but could pack a punch! A cigar early in the morning, and an attitude that fits him right into my writing. "Bring me a Camel and a cup of steamed boat" I said to him, it means a pack of cigar and an Indonesian coffee brand, "Make it two, Sharif" Mrs. Gloria said. Sharif understood the assignment and started to go into his bodega and brew us the coffee in Indonesian way.

*Kopi Tubruk* is a way of making coffee without using any machinery. All you needed was a finely grained and roasted coffee beans, two tea spoon of it inside the mug, marinate it in boiling water for 30 seconds, and then pour the rest and let it rest for 3-4 minutes to let the coffee waste slowly drown.

We sat down in a black metal chair. The leg of the chair is stuck in the pavement. I remember excatly as to why it happened. One morning, as usual, I was going to the bodega, and then I saw the pavement were being filled with cement - there were holes in them, so they decided to re-worked it. Now, Sharif and I are very principled people. I don't want to stand up whilst drinking my coffee, and Sharif doesn't want his customer to be dissatisfied. We put the chair on the wet cement, and that's how it goes. If chairs were to disturb your walk, then you'll just have to move across the road, or even in life! Anyway, our coffee came and we drinked it.

Mrs. Gloria and I had splitted our ways, and said our goodbyes. It is my habit to walk outside, simply because there's nothing interesting to look at in the apartement. However dirty and sluggish it was, it just wasn't interesting for the people. I could drag the ugly and grey narrative in this book, but I've realized that you have bought this book, and I have a responsibility to fulfill your day with something; surely not with profanities and sluggish view, therefore I put myself outside. There were no rainbows and blue skies, but the thought of an open space and people could give you a little bit of space in the Aether. I'm a writer after all. Being a writer, or anything for that matter: needs some kind of a craftmanship. You could imagine why a story about a man who, suddenly become a giant bug, could sell millions! It was because every profession has got its own craft, and if you want people to read yours, it has got to be appealing. Sure, you could go around doing some "experimental" stuff, but if you don't learn or even impose yourself with the teaching, you will never become what the profession have promised you. There's nothing freeing about being a Freelance writer. I've got a stomach to feed, and I would like a place to stay, with a roof of course - I will never in my life become the loser that was *Diogenes*. I am not good enough to play the *smart bum*. I am the *writing bum*.

---