---
title: "Birds doth Fall"
date: 2024-01-04T13:30:15+08:00
draft: true
tags: [Fiction, Short-story]
author: 'Anugerah'
showtoc: true
---

> **On top of the cliff - meekly; gently, I pushed myself towards the edge, unto my untimely death...**

The struggle of life is a great one, and living for that purpose is a necessity. We want to remove ourselves from problems - yet, our greatest trope is creating them. Consequently, this, created problem for us. Call it a paradox or something, and there are only two ways to rid of it; sheer ignorance and death. I’ll explain about the former. Sheer ignorance is known to be the common way for us human to keep on living. It is a kind of living that can only be described as tunnel visioning - ignoring every aspect of life as a mean to live. If the horrifying images on this earth were to vanish, then people can live easily. Yet, people still ignore those images and keep living. Realistically speaking, those images exist. The masses completely ignore them. They mention the images, but what about action? For the latter, well… It COMPLETELY explains itself.

In all seriousness, this is a story; a demonstration of the two procedures. It is a chaotic - or fittingly, Quixotic story.

## 1. How much for a name?

---

He is a man; 30-year of age; thin body; with an archaic posture of a working man. 5 o’clock in the morning - whilst waiting for the rising sun - he awaits the Sunny-Side Up in the deli across the street. On top of the roof, he carefully opens the red tin box which, to our surprise, contains a couple of bucks; and a picture of a fine lady under the top side.

Meow! The man quickly closes his red tin box and turns; ding! The sound of the bell across the street presents itself with a sign that says “OPEN” on the window of the deli. He rushes down the wooden ladder, conveniently placed at the front of his house. Nothing needs fixing, only serving his morning routine. We see the man walking across the street, giving minuscule notion of greetings towards his neighbour. The damp aroma of the street - presumably from the midnight rain - turned into that of a middle-eastern bazaar; sweet and spicy. Sure ’nuff, because the guy that owns the deli is an Arab. “Good morning, Mister Irving,” said the Arab, “Mornin’! How do you do Mehmet?” replied Irving. “Yes, I am good - oh, and by the way-” Mehmet realizes something and goes to the back to take something. Irving waits, - not a long wait, unlike those of a Monday morning’s flag ceremony - and Mehmet comes out with his long-awaited 6 o’clock breakfast. On the plate: Sunny-Side Up with hints of pepper, a side of bacon, and chops of potato - approximately sliced into 3 parts. Is it a depressing breakfast for you? Yes? Well, Mehmet - God bless his soul - is able to create collections of food that you deem to be depressing; into something uplifting.

Irving slowly carries the plate into that lonely spot in the corner: a table and a wooden chair. It is the only spot in the deli where you can sit and enjoy the meal; people usually buy something from the deli and then cook the rest at home. This lonely spot is a perfect spot. It is located in the corner, near the deli’s window. This, of course, is a part of Irving’s morning routine. He puts the plate on the table gently and continues to sit. He stretches his feet; cracks his knuckles; and rubs his hands. A ritual. Firstly, he takes the spoon with his right and; the fork with his left. Just when he’s about to stab that golden potato; a clink. His coffee - pitch black - is now ready. He puts down the utensils and walks to the counter. From his vision, we can see steam rising from the coffee. He handles it with care, but some spills on the counter. “Sorry…” Mehmet, in a white apron, cleaned the spillage with a circular motion. Finally, it is complete: Irving’s iconic 6 o’clock breakfast! With the courtesy of Mehmet of course…

## 2. Employed

---

Like a gas-filled Moped, Irving went off to work. The city is not a very interesting place to be - thus, the story of Irving’s journey to his workplace is not the point of interest. Just a bunch of ol’, grey, and mossy buildings. However, one building in particular - this one happened to be Irving’s workplace - is going to be the topic of our interest. Irving works at a lumber factory; 2-mile from his house. Irving’s job is to help with the Bandsaw mahchine. Putting aside the already split lumber into the correct pile. It is perhaps the only ever existing lumber factory in the area; so most of the employees are Irving’s neighbours. Before putting on actual work, the employees need to do the ol’ punching in ’n’ out on the clock machine - look! There he is! Just in time! Irving is walking towards the factory with both of his hands tucked inside his pockets; foot up; head down. First, in what appears to be a white phone booth, Irving greets Mister Vliet; the security guard. It’s hard to describe what Mister Vliet looks like, and I will count on your perception of a bulbous Russian taxi driver. The gate was already opened. And our precious hero proceeded to take his boots off; for another set of ‘specialized’ working boots.

By the entrance - a door; Frederic & Co Inc. Opening the door, we can see a long hallway separating us from the abundance of machinery beyond the door in the distance. The hallway is long. A man could contemplate his entire life. As Irving moves towards the door, the sound of murmurs outside gradually changes to an industrial haven: CLINK; CLANK; WHER WHER WHER. Just before the door - on the left - a punching clock; and rows of employee cards. Irving takes his; on the third row; and the fourth from the left. He inserts the card into the slot, pulls the leaver down, and it is instantly followed by a DING! He puts back the card. He takes another card beside him that has "Jimmy" written on it. His eyes dart around the hallway for any kind of presence; but nothing. Irving continues to put the card into the slot and ding!

Irving walks to his locker and changes his attire. He removes his clothes and puts on the homemade sleeveless shirt and safety goggles — a footstep. Irving looks in the direction of the footstep; putting his goggles up. It is a rather thin-looking man with a black suit and a red tie. This character is a stranger to us. Irving and his co-worker have known this man as “Mister Frederic”. Yes, from that poorly written name on the glass pane of the entrance door. He continues towards the creaky wooden stairs; creak-creak, and then ascends into his office. Back to his senses, Irving picks up a pair of gloves and wears them. Two large trucks come in carrying logs in their trunks. These logs then going to undergo a series of processes which turn them into lumber. For each process, there will be a new machine put to use. For example, there is a machine used for debarking the log; a band saw to cut small edges of the log's profile, and so on... However, for some people, this is not the case. In this factory, all of the process relies on one machine - the band saw. It is a one-man-band. As a result, this will severly cut down the cost of production. This company - for a lack of better word - is efficent; or to put it blunty, greedy. Behind all of those greediness, there is Irving. Now, let's go back to Irving. Irving is now outside, "supervising" the truck driver. Since there is nobody there beside him and two other truck drivers. These are not ordinary trucks, they are called the loader crane. There is one prominent feature on the loader crane - a crane. As the name suggests, it has a crane attached on its back. This crane is used to pick up logs, store it to the trunk and moved it into another place. Irving oversees this process by giving them a helping hand. He motions as to suggests where and when's the right time to put down the log. There are 3 piles, small, regular, and big. Thereby, the three band saw that I've just mentioned.

After 30-minute of piling; Irving goes inside. There are a lot of people right now, therefore, it is time to work the machine. Irving went for the green one. And the green one is used to cut down regular sized logs. A man with a great physique - he, manage the machine and turn its knob to adjust for the desired size of the lumber. Another man follows. They push the minecart carrying the log into the surface of the band saw for cutting. Oops, forgive me for forgetting this: band saw uses a "band" saw. The saw cycles quickly and it cuts the bark and sparks an abundance of dust. Flipped to the other side; and another bark bites the dust. Thee more times - the log is now deprived of any barks. The log is ready to be cut into segments of varying length. And as Irving is sorting through them, he notices Jimmy going up that creaky stairs; oh god, spare me from that screeching sound! "What's his problem?" Irving thoughts, because the only reason as to why you go up that stair - is if you have done no good. "Hey!" said his co-worker, "Ah, what!?" Irving was out of it, "Fuckin' hurry up will ya?", and Irving went on to his sorting routine.

The first 3-hour of manual labour is now done, and it is time for the 12 o'clock break. Irving goes back to his locker, changes his attires, and went to the canteen. On the tray: beans, half a bread, vegetables, and a bottle of water. If you want the luxury of having a choco-milk with that, you'll have to approach the vending machine. He sits down and Jimmy follows not long after - and he sits opposite of him. "Are you trying to kill me?" whispered Jimmy, "Hmm?" Irving says while munching beans. "Don't 'Hmm?' me!" Jimmy is getting mad, "Cut to the chase, Jimmy. What the fuck is your problem?". Jimmy brings out his punch card on the table, "You see this?" asked Jimmy, "Yeah" Irving barely notices it, and he continues to eat. "Dip shit! Did I, or did I not asked you to punched this for me?" Jimmy says in an interrogating voice, "I just did what you've told me this morning-" Irving's speech is interrupted by Jimmy, "Well, it's been three days, and there's barely any marks on my card." Irving looks confuse, "What? Listen, mate. I took yours after mine, put it in, and it makes that ding sound. The rest was history, okay?". "Okay... I trust you..." Jimmy says in a relaxing tone. Irving continues to eat his food; and so does Jimmy. Jimmy put his spoon down whilst munching the beans. He glances up towards Irving and slaps his face.

## 3. Fat Fuck!
---
You fat fuck! Your necklace almost choked you to death. It is time for you to lose your weight; or lose your life!

"You're dead! You fat fuck!" Irving lunges towards Jimmy. And now, you see this brawl between a giraffe and an elephant. Jimmy struggles a bit, then he hugs Irving's thin body and turns himself up. Jimmy's fat and round body presses against Irving's helpless body - almost crushing all of his skeletal features. Irving struggles to fight, but he sees a revelation. He moves both of his hands until they reach Jimmy's breast. After almost crushing his ribs, Irving pinches both of Jimmy’s nipples. Jimmy is now in shock. He is able to withhold the pain, but alas, he lets out a loud growl. This loud growl happened after Irving decided to twist both of his nipples, instead of pinching it. Jimmy gets up and yelps in pain. Irving slowly gets up, catching his breath. From now on, the workers gathered around in a circle, looking at this abhorrent scene. You might think that these people - in a second - would've decided to help and split both of these animals - no, they were astonished and afraid at the same time. "Son of a bitch! That fucking hurt! What would you do if my nipples were to be detached from my body?" Jimmy says whilst panicking,  "Your nipples have no use anyway! How about my fucking bones and organs!?" Irving vehemently compares.

They went back and forth trying to justify who did more damage, who should be taken pity for, and who should win. It was not for good use, because they would end up with the same fate after all; getting called into the upper office. Blue-collar and white-collar workers have the same tendency of being called into some kind of office - that bright white and hellish place... They've spent their break on brawling, which, honestly speaking, was not a BREAK that anybody would expect. The bell rings, and it is time to get back to work. As they walk out of the canteen, on the corner is Mr.Frederic or, as the workers jokingly refer to him as, Herr Frederick. Herr Frederick - he, says hello to both of the former wrestlers. Be honest, if you were to be in their shoes, how'd you feel? Surprised? Shocked? Shat your pants? No? Well, you're either blind or haven't met the kind of Herr Frederick. Without saying anything, his presence alone has convinced Irving and Jimmy to follow his steps. Sure 'nuff, they ended up toward the creaky stairs, and into the office. Even in a place like this, The Inside of the office is so clean. They are standing there until there's further instruction from the Herr himself. Herr Frederick sits down on a wooden chair made out of Mahogany wood - the kind that has the utmost quality. He takes out a wooden smoking pipe, made out of - of course, Pinewood, with the same quality. He fills the pipe with tobacco and lights it up with a match. HUFF and PUFF it goes...

"Please, both of you. Sit down..." he said, after blowing a thick smoke. They both nod and sit down across the table. "Now, do any of you care to explain the situation?" he continues to huff a puff. "Well, it was not a big deal Mr. Frederic... Jimmy and I—" Irving looks at Jimmy momentarily, and he notices the sweat coming out of his fat chin, "had a personal disagreement — you know, the kind where you agree and disagree, and whatnot" Irving says nervously. "And, what is this personal disagreement, might I ask?" Irving looks at Jimmy once more and says: "Ummm, you see... It was not a big deal for me, but it sure was a big deal for him!" Jimmy is still looking down. He's not sure if he should trust Irving with the story. So, instead of trying to ruin it, he fidgets around and nods his head occasionally. Irving continues: "We were talking about,ummm, eggs", "Eggs?" Herr Frederick is confused. "Yes, correct! You see, I prefer Sunny-Side Up, and Jimmy prefers scrambled eggs. Initially, it was a friendly conversation. That is until we went on discussing about our favorite diner". Herr Frederick nods in suspicion "I see... Jimmy, could you please describe to me what happened next?", "Ummm, ah, wait..." Jimmy is very nervous; if it had not been clear, Jimmy's a bad liar. "What's the hold-up? Are you nervous?" Herr Frederick asks, "No — of course not! It's just that, trying to recount all of that after taking a hefty beating is very difficult for me. I am sorry" Jimmy clears his throat. Even though the room is clean, there's a certain unease in the air. "Right then and on, Irving slapped me, sir" Jimmy claims. "Excuse me, sir. I think Jimmy here, — is still a little bit confused about the actual detail. I mean, he was taking a hefty beating, after all," Irving replies. Jimmy doesn't say anything. "Okay, enough!" Herr Frederick sighs and the whole room is quiet. He empties his smoke pipe and towers over both workers. "Disband..." Herr Frederick turns towards the large glass pane peering over the workplace; so the band disbanded...
	
Now, to those creaky stairs again… "Look, man… I am sorry for slapping you across the face" says Jimmy, "Well, ol' friend… Apology is accepted when the 'eye for an eye' rule, is done" Irving replies. They stop and turn toward each other. Jimmy lets out a silent sigh and prepares himself for the slap of redemption. Jimmy closes his eyes and moves closer to Irving; SLAP! Jimmy rubs his red cheeks whilst in a state of agony. "Hey!" calls Jimmy, "What about that dame of yours? Are you going to see her again tonight?" Jimmy inquires, "Ha ha ha," Irving says in a very delicate way, "Why do you ask?" Irving says, "Man, I still don't know how you went on to be a couple" Jimmy inquires further. Irving goes near his ear and says: "You want to know how?" Jimmy nods his head, and then Irving puts his hand on his belly and starts shaking it "You just have to lose these, you fat fuck! See you later!" Irving goes straight to work on his machine, whilst Jimmy is still standing, looking at his stomach for quite some time.
	
"Whenever you're ready!" yells the man with the great physique, "Okay, bring 'em in!" and the last pair of logs go into the saw. A great deal of planks inside the container had already been stacked by Irving. He continues to push them into the storage facility. Inside, there are 5 people (including Irving) who are tasked to pile them into the correct order. Planks are stacked into piles, sorted by size. Considering how many planks were produced, carrying them from one place to the other, takes an additional hour. Of course, they will not get paid accordingly. It's their fault anyway, for carrying those planks slowly… This is something that Herr Frederick had been aware of for quite some time. It doesn't bother him of course, but it SLIGHTLY bothers those who had to do all the carrying bullshit. Enough, it is of no significance for us. Let's proceed to, whatever happened, after the sounds of piling have stopped.

### 3.1 Intermezzo
---
Her name is Judy. A typical English-sounding name. However, in Indonesia  — the name Judy is very close in pronunciation to the word Judi; which means gamble, or gambling. Well, she had never gambled before. But, those around her? They gamble their chances for the dame that is her — Judy. She works as a florist in the local's one and only flower shop. She always carries a basket full of flowers: roses, lilies, sunflowers, and jar of marmalade. Like the prior assumption about her name, she wears a red-white polka dot dress and a straw hat. Her shoes? You guessed it  — a pair of red mary jane. What's a mary jane? Well, it's a high heel without the high part. They're relatively short and wide. Got the idea? Good. She wears a pair of red mary jane and walks past the wooden fences. Until she stopped at rows of stores. These stores are located in the culdesac. On their storefront from the left: (1) Lenny's Bakery, (2) Little Big Bookstore, (3) Brownies' Florist, and (4) Enrico: Office Supply Store.

Judy usually went into the bakery first to get her breakfast. After that, she goes into her workplace. Initially, she goes to the back to sort out which flowers are still fresh, and which have lost their purity. Thereafter, she continues to open up the tarp on the flower cart and starts putting flowers on them. She waits outside in her dress, sitting on a wooden chair and putting a plate on the small table. She puts her bread on the table, takes out a jar of marmalade and spreads it across the bread. She eats and wait for any customer. Inside the store — Barbara. She's in charge of any kind of gardening utensils inside the shop. Everything outside is reserved for the flowers; they needed the sunshine…

## Afterwords

---

Hello, my name is Anugerah. I am the author of the book *Birds doth Fall*. What you have just read is the first book I've ever published - online; and I am thankful for that. All the effort I put into the book is the result of a repeated and collective environmental support from the people I love - girlfriend, family, and friends. Special thanks, of course, to: YOU! Thank you so much for giving my book a place; my story a chance. If you want more writing and updates: make sure to visit my blog and subscribe to my RSS feed, thank you!